THEY CALL THIS LUNCH...
3 BOWLS OF WHO KNOWS WHAT
AND A FISH THAT'S
PRACTICALLY STILL ALIVE?
COME ON.
WHERE'S THE STEAK?
I'D EVEN SETTLE
FOR COOKED FISH.
HE'S GOT A POINT.
MY FISH IS LOOKING AT ME.
LOOK, GRUB IS GRUB,
AND WE'RE LUCKY
TO HAVE ANY.
SO I SAY WE DIG IN.
I ONCE SETTLED FOR THIS
LOW-GRADE SLOP, TOO.
BUT THEN I JOINED
THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT.
NOW I'M DESTINED
FOR SOMETHING MORE.
YEAH. STARVATION,
IF YOU'RE WAITING
FOR A STEAK
IN THIS SCHOOL.
YEP.
HEY, WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE DOING, SARGE?
IF WE KEEP EATING
THIS DOG FOOD,
THEN THEY'RE GOING
TO KEEP SERVING IT.
LET'S TAKE A STAND.
AT EASE THERE,
SOLDIER.
TAKE A STAND
WITH YOUR OWN GRUB.
STOP!
DROP IT NOW,
OR I'LL DROP YOU.
TOUCH ME,
AND I'LL SUE.
HANG ON A SEC.
SMELL THAT?
Man: ATTENTION, SLIFER STUDENTS.
SOUP, AS THEY SAY, IS ON.
HEY, LOOK, CHAZZ.
SOMEONE DRESSES
WEIRDER THAN YOU.
YOU WANT TO TELL US
WHAT'S GOING ON?
HA HA! OF COURSE.
MY NAME IS DON SIMON,
HERE TO DAZZLE
YOUR DIGESTIVE TRACTS
AND TANTALIZE
YOUR TASTE BUDS.
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME DAYS YOU'VE GOT
TO LEARN HIPNESS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE THEM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX,
GENERATION "X" ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON NOW,
BETTER PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE
THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH!
YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
PARDON ME.
CAN WE HELP YOU?
YEAH. WHAT'S COOKING?
GET IT?
GET IN LINE, SON.
HA HA HA!
SMELLS GOOD, NO?
I USE ONLY
THE FINEST
INGREDIENTS.
HOWEVER...
HEY, COME ON. SAVE SOME
FOR EVERYONE ELSE.
BACK OFF.
STOP!
HUH?
I SAID "HOWEVER."
THAT MEANS WAIT!
BUT I'M FAMISHED.
IF EATING
IS WHAT YOU WISH,
YOU MUST ACCEPT
MY CHALLENGE.
CHALLENGE?
STOP REPEATING ME
AND DUEL ME.
HUH?
SHOULD YOU
BEAT ME... AS IF...
YOU MAY PARTAKE
IN THIS FEAST.
HOWEVER,
SHOULD I WIN,
SENOR HASSLEBERRY,
SENOR MISAWA,
AND SENOR TRUESDALE,
YOU WILL ALL
LEAVE THIS DORM
AND COME BACK
TO RA YELLOW.
WE CAN'T.
WE MADE A PACT.
JUST GO. IT'S TOO
CROWDED HERE ANYWAY.
Syrus: NO. WE PROMISED TO STAY
AND PROTECT THIS PLACE.
Don Simon: FINE.
STAY HERE AND STARVE.
TRES BIEN.
I LIKE HIS STYLE...
EXCEPT FOR THE PAPER
BAG. HA HA HA!
ONCE HE MOVES THOSE
SLACKERS TO RA,
I'LL TEAR DOWN
THE RED DORM
UN, DEUX, TROIS.
Alexis: YOU'RE NOT GOING
ANYWHERE. SYRUS IS RIGHT.
HUH?
REALLY?
IF HASSLEBERRY LOSES,
THEN THIS DORM IS TOAST.
OF COURSE.
THAT'S THE POINT.
HMM. LET'S DO THIS.
I AIN'T ONE TO RETREAT.
HOLD ON.
DIDN'T YOU HEAR ME?
Syrus: I THINK
HE MADE UP HIS MIND.
STUDENTS, SPECTATORS,
FOOD LOVERS
OF ALL AGES,
I HOPE YOU BROUGHT
YOUR APPETITES,
FOR I'M SERVING A LARGE
PORTION OF DEFEAT.
A MYSTERY CHEF
VERSUS A SERGEANT
WANNABE.
ANOTHER TYPICAL DAY.
ALL RIGHT, SOLDIER.
TIME FOR COMBAT.
REMEMBER, WHEN I WIN,
IT'S CHOW TIME.
AND SHOULD YOU LOSE,
WELL, THEN...
IT'S NO SOUP
FOR YOU.
DON'T THREATEN
ME, POPS.
I'LL BE TASTING
VICTORY SOON ENOUGH.
LET THE FEAST BEGIN!
AH, A DELECTABLE
FIRST COURSE.
I PLAY CARROTMAN
IN DEFENSE MODE.
WHO?
SAM HILL!
AND NEXT, I'LL
TURN UP THE HEAT
WITH A SPICY
SPELL CARD.
CURRY POT! NOW, INSTEAD
OF GOING TO THE GRAVEYARD,
ALL DEFEATED MONSTERS
END UP IN THIS POT ROAST.
HOW STRANGE.
DOESN'T THAT MEAN
THEY'D BE REMOVED
FROM PLAY?
WELL, HE MUST BE
COOKING UP SOMETHING.
HAVE A TASTE,
WON'T YOU?
I'M NOT
A POT ROAST MAN,
BUT THAT CARROT'S
LOOKING GOOD.
AND I'LL SHARE IT
WITH HIM...
MY BLACK STEGO!
SLICE THAT VEGGIE
INTO BITE-SIZED PIECES!
WELL DONE.
I'LL DROP THIS DOWN
AND DEFER TO YOU.
YOU'RE QUITE
THE ASSISTANT CHEF.
YOU'VE JUST ADDED
THE FIRST INGREDIENT
TO MY POT ROAST
SURPRISE.
COME ON. VEGETABLE
MEN AND CURRY BOWLS?
ARE YOU A DUELIST OR
A SHORT-ORDER COOK?
A COOK? PLEASE.
I AM A CULINARY
CONNOISSEUR.
A WHAT?
A GURU OF THE
GASTRONOMIC ARTS.
THE CAPTAIN
OF FIRST-CLASS CUISINE.
HE FORGOT LEADER
OF THE LOONIES.
NOW SERVING THIS CARD...
THE SCRUMPTIOUS
AND NUTRITIOUS
POTATO MAN!
GIVE ME A BREAK.
ARE ALL YOUR
MONSTERS EDIBLE?
OF COURSE. BUT THEY
ARE MUCH TASTIER
ONCE I ADD SOME
SEASONING OR SPICES.
YOU'RE KIDDING ME.
WHAT'S HE
TALKING ABOUT?
HE'S SPICING
THINGS UP.
COME AGAIN.
YOU KNOW, KICKING
IT UP A NOTCH
BY PLAYING
SPICE CARDS.
I HOPE YOU LIKE IT HOT.
RED-PEPPER SPICE,
ACTIVATE.
SAY WHAT?
[GRUNTING]
WHAT'S WRONG, BOY?
ISN'T IT OBVIOUS?
IT'S TOO CALIENTE.
HIS DINO TONGUE
IS ON FIRE.
THAT PEPPER SPICED UP
MY SPUD'S POWER BY 300
AND WEAKENED YOUR STEGO.
NOW LET'S SHOW HIM WHAT
A ROOT VEGETABLE CAN DO!
SPUD SMASH!
NO!
SORRY, SENOR. STEGO'S
GOT A SPECIAL EFFECT.
WHENEVER HE'S ATTACKED,
HE SWITCHES INTO DEFENSE MODE.
AH!
UH...
NO MATTER. I HAVE
A NEW INGREDIENT.
SPELL SPICE CINNAMON!
NOT MORE SPICES.
YOU KNOW
WHAT THEY SAY...
A DASH OF CINNAMON
GOES A LONG WAY,
AND THANKS TO MINE,
OUR MONSTERS SWITCH.
MINE GOES BACK
TO DEFENSE MODE,
AND YOURS GOES BACK
TO ATTACK MODE.
FOR A FINAL COURSE,
I SHALL PLACE
THIS CARD FACEDOWN
AND THEN CLEANSE
MY PALATE.
CINNAMON
ON TATERS?
WHERE DID YOU
LEARN TO COOK?
YOU BITE
YOUR TONGUE!
MY CINNAMON SPUDS
ARE VERY POPULAR!
ALL RIGHT,
'FESS UP, POPS.
TIME TO LOSE
THE PAPER BAG.
NOW,
WHO ARE YOU?
AND WHY
ARE YOU HERE?
HA HA HA!
I ALREADY TOLD YOU.
I AM DON SIMON,
MASTER CHEF EXTRAORDINAIRE.
ALL RIGHT, FINE.
I'LL UNMASK YOU
SOON ENOUGH, DON.
BUT FIRST...
WATCH THIS.
EXCELLENT.
I'LL RETIRE MY STEGO
SO MY DARK TRICERATOPS
CAN REPORT FOR DUTY.
LOOKS LIKE I MOVED
UP THE FOOD CHAIN.
NOW ATTACK!
JURASSIC JOLT!
HEY, CHEF, CAN YOU
SMELL WHAT I'M COOKING?
I CALL IT HURT SOUFFLE.
UH... GO AHEAD.
MAKE JOKES.
BUT I WILL BE
LAUGHING LAST.
NOW HERE'S A TASTE
OF COUNTER SPICE CUMIN.
THANKS TO THIS,
WHEN MY MONSTER'S DESTROYED,
I CAN SUMMON A NEW ONE.
NOW, GET READY TO CRY.
HERE COMES ONION MAN!
OH, YEAH? YOU'RE
NOT THE ONLY ONE
WITH A TRAP CARD.
I PLAY
HUNTING INSTINCT.
HERE'S THE DEAL...
AS SOON AS YOUR
VEGGIE SHOWED UP,
I GOT MY RESERVES.
AND I'VE GOT NEWS
FOR YOU.
MY MONSTER AIN'T
NO SALAD INGREDIENT.
BLACK TYRANNO,
FRONT AND CENTER!
MINCE THAT ONION!
NOW FORWARD MARCH!
UH... UH!
AH!
HEY, LOOK!
HE'S BEEN
UN-BAGGED!
OH!
WHO IS IT?
I'M NOT SURE.
WELL PLAYED,
SENOR HASSLEBERRY.
IT IS TRUE,
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
THE CHEF IS
OUT OF THE BAG.
AND NOW MY IDENTITY
IS REVEALED!
[CRICKETS CHIRPING
AND BIRD SQUAWKING]
THAT'S, UH... GREAT
AND ALL, BUT, UM...
ANYONE KNOW
WHO THIS GUY IS?
SEARCH ME.
HE LOOKS FAMILIAR,
BUT I CAN'T REMEMBER.
WELL, HE'S
OBVIOUSLY...
SOME SORT OF...
WELL...
OF WHAT?
HA HA HA HA.
HUH? OK!
WE GIVE UP.
WHO ARE YOU?
IT IS NO WONDER
EVERYONE LEFT ME.
AMIGOS, I'M THE HEADMASTER
OF THE RA DORM! REMEMBER?
NO.
YOU'RE A TEACHER?
HOW DO THESE
NINCOMPOOPS
GET JOBS HERE?
IT'S NOT FAIR.
DO I HAVE TO BECOME
A LOUD AND FLASHY HEADMASTER
LIKE CHANCELLOR CROWLER
TO GET NOTICED?
OR PERHAPS
LIKE PROFESSOR BANNER,
I JUST NEED TO DISAPPEAR,
NEVER TO BE
HEARD FROM AGAIN.
[MEOW]
Banner: HELP!
I'VE BEEN AT THIS SCHOOL
SINCE DAY ONE,
AND STILL NO RESPECT.
I WAS PRESENT
WHEN BASTION FIRST ARRIVED.
HA HA HA.
HMM.
I HAVE ATTENDED EVERY
GRADUATION CEREMONY,
INCLUDING LAST SPRING'S,
NOT TO MENTION ALL OF THOSE
TEDIOUS STAFF MEETINGS.
[MEOW]
BUT STILL, I WOULD WALK
THIS CAMPUS UNRECOGNIZED.
SO I TRIED SOMETHING NEW.
COOKING WITH A BAG
OVER YOUR HEAD?
OK. CLEARLY
YOU NEED ATTENTION.
BUT WHY DID YOU
CHALLENGE ME
TO THIS CRAZY DUEL?
BECAUSE EVERYBODY
HAS ABANDONED ME.
AH...
HAVE YOU SO MUCH
AS VISITED
THE RA YELLOW DORM
LATELY?
I AM ALL ALONE.
MY BEST STUDENTS
HAVE EITHER GRADUATED
TO OBELISK BLUE
OR CHOSEN FOR SOME
RIDICULOUS REASON TO SPEND
THEIR DAYS AND NIGHTS
AT SLIFER RED.
SURE, YELLOW ISN'T
THE COOLEST COLOR
IN THE RAINBOW,
BUT FOR GOODNESS SAKE,
YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO LEAVE!
Chazz: IS HE
FOR REAL?
NOW THIS DUEL
MAKES SENSE...
SORT OF.
I THOUGHT WITH FOOD,
I COULD LURE YOU BACK TO RA.
THE MASK JUST
GAVE THE WHOLE THING
A TOUCH OF FLAIR
AND MYSTERY.
BUT NOW THE TRUTH
IS OUT.
SO LET'S ALL
HEAD BACK.
HOLD ON. I'M NOT
GOING ANYWHERE, PAL.
BUT YOU'RE RA YELLOW.
YOU DON'T BELONG
IN THIS DORM.
NEGATIVE. THIS IS
EXACTLY WHERE I BELONG.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
CAN'T YOU SEE
I AM OFFERING YOU
ALL YOU CAN EAT,
PRESSED BED SHEETS
AND SOFT PILLOWS
WITH LITTLE MINTS
ON THE TOP,
PLUS ROOM SERVICE
TILL MIDNIGHT.
WHAT'S THIS
ROACH MOTEL HAVE?
THE ONLY THING THAT MATTERS...
MY PAL JADEN.
BUT WE HAVE MINTS.
SORRY. AIN'T NO WAY
I'M DITCHING MY BEST FRIEND.
TOO LATE.
JADEN LEFT YOU.
AND HE'S NEVER COMING
BACK TO THIS DUMP.
SO JUST GO.
IT'S ONLY BEEN
A DAY.
TRY 2 DAYS.
HAVE IT YOUR WAY.
IF YOU WON'T COME BACK
WITH ME BY CHOICE,
THEN I'LL TAKE YOU BACK
BY FORCE!
LET US DUEL!
WE ALL KNOW
WHO YOU ARE.
SO LOSE
THE PAPER BAG.
HA HA HA! DON SIMON
ALWAYS STAYS IN CHARACTER
WHEN HE DUELS!
IT'S PART
OF THE WHOLE MYSTIQUE.
BRING IT.
OH, BRING IT I SHALL.
MY STEW, THAT IS.
NOW THAT THE CARROTS,
POTATOES, AND ONIONS
ARE SIMMERING, IT'S
ALMOST READY TO SERVE.
AND THANKS
TO A SPECIAL EFFECT,
ALL MONSTERS LEFT
IN THE GAME
ARE ADDED
TO THE BREW!
AH!
WAIT. MY MONSTERS!
DINOSAUR FONDUE, ANYONE?
DON'T FORGET
THE BASIL.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO MY TROOPS?
WITH THEIR HELP,
MY POT-ROAST SURPRISE
IS FINALLY COMPLETE!
NOW ARISE,
CURRY FIEND ROO!
BIG DEAL. HE DOESN'T
HAVE ONE ATTACK POINT.
SO MUCH FOR
YOUR BIG SURPRISE.
BEAR WITH ME.
I AM JUST WARMING UP.
FOR YOU SEE, EVERY SPICE
I ADD INTO MY CURRY POT
GIVES 200 POINTS
TO MY FIEND.
AND THEN
FOR EACH MONSTER
THAT TOOK A DIP
IN MY POT-ROAST SURPRISE,
HE GAINS
300 ATTACK POINTS.
HUH?
NOW I'M HUNGRY.
ARE WE ALMOST DONE
OR WHAT?
WITH 3 SPICES
AND 6 MONSTERS...
THAT'S ALMOST...
HOW MANY POINTS?
WITH 3 SPICES,
THAT'S 600.
AND 6 MONSTERS
MAKE 1,800 MORE.
CARRY THE ONE...
2,400!
HA HA HA HA!
AND WITHOUT A CALCULATOR, TOO!
AH. PLAN "B."
I'LL LAY A CARD
FACEDOWN
AND CALL IT A TURN.
I'LL MAKE YOU REGRET EVER
LEAVING MY DORM, SENOR.
MARK MY WORDS.
NOW I ACTIVATE
MY POT OF GREED.
SO I'LL BE DRAWING
2 MORE CARDS...
ONE OF WHICH I'LL PLAY.
SPELL SPICE CARAWAY!
IT MELTS AWAY 200
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS.
AND WHAT DO YOU KNOW?
THEY GO STRAIGHT TO ME.
AND WITH ANOTHER SPICE
IN THE STEW,
CURRY FIEND ROO GAINS
ANOTHER 200 ATTACK POINTS.
WANT MORE? YOU CAN
NEVER OVERSEASON.
SO I PLAY
MIX SPICE GARAMASALA!
FUNNY NAME, BUT BELIEVE ME,
IT'S NO LAUGHING MATTER.
WITH THIS CARD,
I CAN DRAW
3 MORE SPICES.
AH!
BUT IF HE PLAYS
3 NEW SPICES...
YES.
HIS CURRY FIEND
WILL BE
UNSTOPPABLE.
IT CAN DEVASTATE
THE SARGE
WITH A SINGLE
BLOW,
NOT TO MENTION GIVE
HIM INDIGESTION.
HERE WE GO. THESE OUGHT TO
SPICE THINGS UP A BIT.
I'LL START WITH A DASH
OF SPELL SPICE CARAWAY,
WHICH GIVES ME
200 POINTS
WHILE TAKING 200
AWAY FROM YOU,
AND FOR SOME FLAVOR,
I'LL GIVE MY FIEND 300 POINTS
WITH A SMIDGE
OF RED PEPPER.
NOW WE'RE COOKING!
AND DON'T FORGET...
THE MORE INGREDIENTS
IN MY GRAVE,
THE STRONGER
MY CURRY FIEND GETS.
THAT THING
CAN WIPE HIM OUT.
I CAN'T WATCH!
SOON, YOU'LL ALL BE
BACK WITH ME,
BACK WHERE
YOU BELONG.
[THINKING]
IF I DON'T COME UP
WITH A MIRACLE TACTIC,
JADEN WON'T HAVE
A DORM TO COME HOME TO.
SURRENDER. SAVE YOURSELF
THE EMBARRASSMENT
AND RETURN TO RA YELLOW.
HEY, SARGE, DON'T LISTEN
TO A WORD THIS GUY SAYS.
DON'T GIVE UP!
YOU HEAR ME?
JUST KEEP THINKING,
WHAT WOULD JADEN DO?
[THINKING]
JADEN WOULD HAVE
ALREADY PLAYED A CARD
THAT COULD SAVE HIMSELF.
THAT'S IT! MY TRAP CARD!
CURRY FIEND ROO,
MAKE A MEAL OUT OF HIM NOW!
GO, TRAP CARD!
SURVIVAL INSTINCT!
AH!
NOW, FOR EVERY ONE
OF MY DINOS
THAT I REMOVE
FROM THE GAME,
I GET BACK
500 POINTS,
AND I THINK
I'LL TOSS THESE TWO.
AND YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS,
DON'T YOU, POPS?
1,000 LIFE POINTS.
HA HA HA!
HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN?
IF YOU REMOVE THEM
FROM PLAY,
MY MONSTER
GETS POINTS.
NOW ON
WITH MY ATTACK!
MONTEZUMA'S REVENGE!
OOH!
[GROANING]
LOOK. HE'S
STILL STANDING.
WHAT'S THAT
YOU ARE SAYING?
MY PEPPER
HAS WORN OFF.
SO CURRY FIEND'S
POINTS RETURN TO 4,000.
DON'T YOU SEE THAT
LIVING IN THE RED DORM
HAS WEAKENED YOU?
YOUR DUELING IS PREDICTABLE,
AND YOUR FRIENDS ARE PATHETIC.
YOU NEED TO TAKE
THAT BAG OFF YOUR HEAD
AND OPEN
YOUR EYES, POPS.
I'VE LEARNED MORE
THAN YOU THINK.
HA HA HA! LIKE HOW TO
RIP OFF YOUR SLEEVES?
I'VE LEARNED THAT DUELING
IS NOT ABOUT DORMS.
IT'S ABOUT HEART
AND MAKING SURE
THAT YOU COVER
YOUR BEST BUD'S BACK
AND FIGHTING
FOR YOUR FRIENDS,
EVEN WHEN
THEY'RE NOT HERE.
SO NO MATTER WHAT YOU
THINK, I'M A RED!
HUH?
AND LET ME TELL YOU,
IF YOU BELIEVE
THAT DUELING IS ABOUT
LURING PEOPLE AWAY
FROM WHERE THEY BELONG
WITH A SAD STORY
AND A SACKFUL
OF SPICES,
WELL, THEN YOU'RE
EVEN MORE PITIFUL
THAN I THOUGHT.
HA HA HA! I MIGHT BE MOVED
IF YOU WEREN'T LOSING.
NOW MAKE
YOUR FINAL MOVE.
[THINKING]
I GUESS IT COMES
DOWN TO THIS DRAW.
YOU KNOW WHAT I LOVE
ABOUT DUELING, HUCKLEBERRY?
IT'S THAT JUST
WHEN YOU THINK
YOU KNOW HOW IT'S
ALL GOING TO END,
BAM! ONE DRAW CAN TOTALLY
CHANGE EVERYTHING.
JADEN'S RIGHT.
I CAN STILL WIN.
HEY, YOU KNOW WHAT
I LOVE ABOUT DUELING?
WHEN YOU THINK YOU KNOW
HOW IT'S GOING TO END...
BAM!
HUH? OH!
ONE DRAW
CHANGES EVERYTHING!
I PLAY
TYRANNO INFINITY!
HE DOESN'T HAVE
A SINGLE ATTACK POINT.
I WAS JUST GETTING
TO THAT PART.
HE STARTS OFF
WITH ZERO,
BUT THEN HE GETS
1,000 POINTS
FOR EACH DINO
THAT'S BEEN REMOVED.
THAT'S NOT FAIR!
AS THE SAYING GOES,
IF YOU CAN'T STAND
THE HEAT...
GET OUT OF THE DUEL.
THIS CAN'T BE!
MY GLORIOUS FEAST
RUINED!
YOU KNOW,
THERE'S SOMETHING
I'VE BEEN WANTING
TO SAY ALL DAY.
SO HERE GOES.
BON APPETIT!
AAH!
I'D LIKE TO ORDER
A HOT PLATE OF VICTORY,
AND AS FOR
YOUR LIFE POINTS,
I THINK I'LL
TAKE THEM TO GO.
CHECK, PLEASE.
HA. NO WONDER
HE'S SO FORGETTABLE. HMM!
I GUESS I'LL BE
ALONE FOREVER.
HOLD THE PHONE,
POPS.
EH?
YOU GOT IT
ALL WRONG.
WE DIDN'T LEAVE RA
BECAUSE OF YOU.
WE LEFT...
WELL, TO BE CLOSER
TO OUR AMIGOS.
YOU DID?
YEP, AND WE'LL
BE BACK.
YOU MEAN...
YOU'LL VISIT ME?
MAYBE STAY FOR DINNER
AND DESSERT?
I WILL COOK UP
WHATEVER YOU LIKE.
WHY DON'T WE SET ASIDE
AN EVENING NEXT WEEK?
HERE'S AN IDEA.
LET'S EAT NOW.
WELL...
IT DOESN'T STINK.
I LOVE IT!
I BIT TOO SPICY
FOR ME.
SHH! JUST BE QUIET
AND KEEP SMILING.
MMM...
HEY, POPS, WE'VE JUST GOT
TO DO THIS AGAIN.
HOW ABOUT TOMORROW,
SAME TIME?
I WOULD REALLY
LIKE IT.
10-4. BUT LEAVE
THE MASK AT HOME.
IT'S SO MUCH BETTER
THAN RAW FISH.
I WISH JADEN
WAS HERE.
THAT BOY LOVES
SPICY FOOD.
POOR GUY.
[SNIFFING]
I SMELL THAT,
AND I'M STARVING!
WHOEVER'S GOT
THE POT ROAST,
CAN YOU PLEASE SHOW ME
THE WAY HOME?
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME DAYS YOU'VE GOT
TO LEARN HIPNESS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE THEM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON,
COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪